generate compat layer (#1415)
godotengine/godot-cpp: README.md

Or checkout the code for the [Summator example](https://github.com/paddy-exe/GDExtensionSummator)
as shown in the [official documentation](https://docs.godotengine.org/en/latest/tutorials/scripting/gdextension/gdextension_cpp_example.html).

## Godot and Godot Cpp Compatibility

If you intend to target both building as a GDExtension and as a module using godot repo, you can generate compatibility includes that will target either GDExtension or module, based on the GODOT_MODULE define.

> If you want such headers, when running the build command, `scons`, pass the `godot_repo` param with the path to the godot repository. Eg. if you have the godot repository cloned at path `../godot`, then do:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want such headers, when running the build command, `scons`, pass the `godot_repo` param with the path to the godot repository. E.g. if you have the godot repository cloned at path `../godot`, then do:
```
